Hello everyone. Welcome to this lesson on,
tooling for smart contracts.
In this lesson, we'll introduce various tools and
open-source platforms for faster smart contract development.
These tools will help us achieve more complex functionality,
and increase security of our smart contracts.
We'll go over how to use a great tool called Metamask,
for seamless interaction with your smart contracts from our web page.
Next up, I'll show you how to write JavaScript tests for a smart contract.
We'll then explore how the Ethereum community accepts new standards and improvements,
and how to use the Zeppelin framework to increase security of your smart contracts.
Afterwards, we'll focus on easier web development,
and introduce a simple way to deploy your smart contract to the official test networks,
and finally, to Ethereum itself.
These are great tools that are used for production projects in the industry today.
They'll help you greatly to make an awesome final project for this course. Let's dive in.